# 9/18/2025 - 24th Update!

so apparently i get a sticker for working on code yesterday? havent been checking up on the slack often so idk. anyways, once again, another to do plan! we want to ship by 9/27/2025, just to be safe! ok, 11:45 PM and lets go!

- 9/18/2025:
    - Position reef poles
    - Update field model to not have the poles (reduce redundancy)
    - Reformat PID code (theres too many copies of it everwhere...)
    - Review file structure (might just be the godot gui tbh)
- 9/19/2025:
    - Figure out scoring (as in, placing coral)
    - Auto aligning to a target (not exact one)
    - Auto aligning (with actual target positions for scoring)
    - Start work on score UI (on driver station)
- 9/20/2025: 
    - Finish scoring UI
    - Add scoring logic (coral count, auto, teleop, no endgame climb)
    - Get sound effects (game and robot)
- 9/21/2025: 
    - Add sound effects
    - Bug fixing (will likely happen)
    - Try making some lenses (for a vr case?)
- 9/22/2025: 
    - Work on venue model
- 9/23/2025:
    - Add venue model
    - Add lights
- 9/24/2025:
    - Write phone odometry code (to prepare for VR)
    - Write recieving and streaming code
- 9/25/2025: 
    - Implement the VR setup (this is a big one, might be too much?)
- 9/26/2025: 
    - Optimizing (fix the horrendous lag issues)
- 9/27/2025:
    - Work on example video
    - Ship!

ok, looks good! time to get to work...

```
@export var alliance:int = 0
```

(shh... (itll be funny to add a green alliance)) basically, idk whether or not to make it blue alliance or red alliance as the default. yeah, lets just do blue = true, red = false

ok, both reef branches are set up! time to edit the model...

ok, model updated! quick safety commit...

also, found a funny bug, so if the robot falls over, it can still move properly since we do the forces based on the position of the robot, not accounting its rotation. anyways, time to reformat the pid code!

ok, changed the number of triangles on the ground intake wheels, might make things a bit faster? huh, not by much.

ok, its 12:57 AM now, did most of the tasks to do today! ok, good night!