# 8/5/2025 - 1st Update

hi there again! ok, so lets make this quick.

its the night of 8/5/2025 right now, and i just found out about a YSWS that started a bit back that ends on august 16. essentially, its we make a VR game for a headset we can test this on.

this is super exciting for me because...
- i wanted to play around with godot anyways
    - i dont have to make the silly horror game i wanted to make
- there will be a vr frc sim
    - there arent a lot of these as far as i know?
- i could spend the rest of summer stuck in a simulation
    - because youre not getting a full robot until like april

basically, this works out nicely! problem is, we have like 10 days to finish it. thats 10 days to learn godot, fix bugs, build the game ground up, test it, play it, add all the features, polish it, etc.

if i spend like three hours a day or something i think we can do it! just a bit of grinding... (sorry ivo v3, maybe in a bit?)

yeah this kinda messed up my summer programming plans. anyways, lets define the scope of the project now, so we dont do way too much (as in, the bad too much, adding stuff that probably doesnt add to the experience)

i present to you... at least the idea of... VECTORS! (no, not the mathematical term) standing for, "Virtual Exploratory Competitive Training Oriented Robot Simulator". basically, a simulator meant to simulate (wow nice wording) an FRC competition! but alone!

ok, so we have like two modes: driving practice mode, competitive mode, and competition mode. essentially, we're gonna do a bit more than driving practice today. so you know xrc and mosim right? pretty neat simulators, but i have a couple things i dont exactly like about both. however, "ok then do it yourself" kinda helps fix that, as i can add cursed features at my will! also, both simulators simulate driving only. notice "only". yeah, in competition mode, i kinda wanna simulate a whole competition, or at least qualification/practice rounds.

so heres the idea.

- driver practice mode
    - essentially xrc/mosim, except you're stuck behind the glass (or you can become a ghost if you want), and you get to play as a driver and stuff.
- competitive mode
    - same thing, except we have a couple other robots just moving around silly being obstacles. note that we'll "maybe" add some logic to them, but for now, they just silly
- competition mode
    - competitive mode, except its the full announcer, game countdown, match noises, rolling the robot cart, rolling it out. basically simulating what it actually feels like. and you'll also have to "repair" the robot (likely wont be anything too cool).

so, feature-wise, this is what we need to do:
- drive practice mode
    - model the FRC field (probably reefscape, but having multiple season would be pretty cool)
    - adding swerve chassis first (just for tests)
    - add collisions/physics
    - controller binds to the chassis (and moving it around)
    - model more robot stuff (deciding between 2910, 1690, 1778, or maybe even 1155?)
    - code all subsystems and bind it to controller
    - add game pieces and physics for them
    - make game pieces and subsystems not go crazy with physics
- competitive mode
    - all that and...
    - other bots that just move around and be silly
    - announcer guy
- competition mode
    - tasks:
        - walking
        - lifting robot, putting it down
        - pushing robot cart
        - "fixing" the robot
    - model frc competition space (likely gonna be similar to 2025NYNY? or 2025NYSU? idk)
    - bots that just play with other bots (will be very silly)
    - practice field??? (only if we really really have time)

its probably safer to just have "zones" where the robot can be placed/go, which would just be the legal fields. any other time, just keep it on the robot cart (lets ignore pit testing). this is already quite a big bite already, since i have no clue what godot is, so we're gonna be in for a fun time! also, i want things to look good! it can be low poly, but i do want it to at least have decent lighting (as in, maybe sunrise/sunsets outside)?

speaking of which, ambience would be pretty neat! i guess we can have some music in the background that the user can put in!

so uh... i guess i touch that godot thing again?