# 8/18/2025 - 12th Update!

wow its cold tonight at 11:17 PM, time to get to work! say, how do you guys deal with that weird feeling of existential dread that wont go away? so annoying lol

anyways, we are NOT on schedule! 

ok, decided to just turn rollers into a reusable script, thats just for a generic roller (not as in java generic, i mean as in just average/normal generic)

so i kinda hit a coral and the intake exploded, thats interesting...

time to make a PID controller! (this is for the arm)

hmm you know whats pretty cool? the fact that godot is very similar to python, since i just copy pasted my pid controller from the [`raven`](https://github.com/HenryLi-0/raven) project (spinning leds!), and just had to change a bit of syntax and it seems to pass checks! gonna have to implement it though! hmm seems like godot gets angry that it used spaces instead of tabs... also, gotta change a bit of the logic since we are given delta time!

ok, fixed physics processing order (it seems that drivetrain should be last) and tuned the pid control for the arm to an ok degree! it still super suspicious (kinda overshoots), but hey, whatever, we can tune that later, for now, we need to address the ground intake rotation! basically the same thing, but it also needs tuning!

hmm seems like ground intake plates are getting stuck oop

hmm we seem to be able to intake stuff, but the intake destroys itself while doing so. maybe too high power?

so uh, the ground intake cant seem to keep itself together.

hmm so i did actual psotion locking via code, and it seems to be working? at least, stuff isnt exploding! weird physics is occuring, but thats kinda expected. the ground intake still gets stuck while going down for some reason, gotta look into that, ground intake doesnt seem to intake stuff, but yeah! also, just tested it, the ground intake and arm can move at the same time (this is expected behavior, but still good to know it works!)!

ok, its 12:46 AM, nice chilly (1778 chill out reference???) night in NYC, guess ill read 50 pages of housepets tonight lol (should bring me to comic 425?)

ok, good night!