# 8/19/2025 - 13th Update!

8:32 PM, once again a cool night in nyc, how you doing?

hopefully good! working on it once again! we are, turns out, actually mostly on schedule! "subsystems should move" works as of yesterday, so thats neat! now just work on actually making the physics stuff work of course.

ok, fixed the issue of the ground intake not going down! turns out it was some weird stuff with the model, but thats now good! time to start figuring out how to make it do what its job suggests (intaking)

so it seems like the ground intake rollers (the top ones) just get stuck. huh. (swapped them out for rectangular prisms, hopefully should allow better intaking?) seems to be a problem for all rollers, so im suspecting its something wrong with the code itself?

oh guess what turns out the rotation lock is preventing cursed code from running. the problem? the cursed code used to run normally. i guess we gotta go back in git now...

so, same exact code, doesnt seem to work. gonna commit now, then do some time traveling!

back after going through lots of commits, and the last one it worked was `36c9b735744d2f389e1d8a7d11dd440d1bcb4e6d` for `08152025 - collision boxes, code, moving stuff, weird vectors, tired`, and it wasnt working in the commit after that, so lets check it out! as in, inspect it! not git!

center of mass and mass changes, thats really all i could tell?

what am i missing? there isnt an issue with collision, the logics all the same, whats not working?

laying in bed, i cant recall anything, other than the whole system change.

yeah, seems like it isnt even the system change itself, since just rebinded stuff to what it used to be and it still isnt working

i took out my robotics merch from the closet for ideas (totaly not because its cold here)

something about rotations

turns out, remembering the logs, we never actually solved the issue, just went "jank" and "if it works it works", so i guess that strikes back.

wifi exploded at 10:58 PM, dang it

ok, back at 11:28 PM, got distracted oops

i really dont know any more. it seems to be getting stuck on itself for some reason???

tried many things, update orders, formulas, nothings working?

yeah, super scuffed fix, i really dont know what to do here. intaking still is very wonky, this might just be a driving simulator (we need to also make sure we can turn this into a vr game)

yeah, pretty tired now, good night!