# 8/20/2025 - 14th Update!

looked at the docs, trying new things, also, trying out `HingeJoint3D` incase it does something

hmm, just watched [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JP_bEm4xvE) video on 2d joints, hopefully it applies?

hmm not seeming to work? tried switching physics engines, seems to work except every subsystem just gets detached from the drivetrain

switched it to a `PinJoint3D`, and it seems to so some self correcting, so i guess it does work?

WAIT I THINK THIS IS IT!

ok, so that's working! what doesnt seem to be working is the ground intake rotation, however. imma quickly push though!

yeah so its just possesed or something. gonna watch a movie now (10:34 PM)

back at 11:48 PM! 

ok, reverted the hinge stuff for the ground intake (the plates, not the rollers) and it seems to no longer be possesed and leave the elevator floating. ok, now, time to figure out how to fix the ground intake

i have an idea, which is to move everything out of their "shells" to be together, not sure if that'll fix the issue, but it would be really bad if it goes wrong, so heres another commit!

yep, that went seriously wrong, i have no clue now! basically, moving them out of their "shells" did not work, and it seems that deleting all the rollers makes the ground intake move again.

after poking around a bit, it seems that the issue is with the constraints of the ground intake middle rollers (as in, the stuff in the center.)

i got a crazy idea, lets play around with the rotation of the pin. yeah, im really out of ideas.

wait first lets see if its spinning... hmm it does!

that did absolutely nothing.

tried playing with cone joints or something, didnt work, guess we're gonna do manual control?

ok, tuned the manual control! these constants look more similar to frc, which is pretty cool, but we're moving now! also, another nice thing, found the issue of the drivetrain clipping into the ground! was just a misplaced collision box for the drivetrain! ok, time to test the intake now...

i just realized my problem, turns out i was spinning the wrong rollers.

yeah, so its uh 1:24 AM now, the intake and stuff is spinning properly, but the coral isnt going in, maybe ill try lowering the speed or increasing it (maybe its just spinning too fast?), we're also SERIOUSLY behind schedule, so we'll probably have to ship the really basic scoring, maybe even without a scoring setup? scoring *should* be easier, just fields and detecting, but yeah, physics for the main part is probably harder? hopefully? also, arm's tuned so thats nice! (i am suspecting that similar constants work since we dont take into account different masses, so its effectively the same system, but whatever)

anyways, thats it for today! (we have not started elevator stuff oops) anyways, good night!