# 8/22/2025 - 16th Update!

current roller size is 0.07, im gonna try to see if using rectangles could work...

why does coral keep running away (it just keeps on hitting the rollers and going the opposite direction, even though im pretty sure these rollers are going the right way?)

JSOIGAHSDOIHFAOSHFLSDJKF

they were just going so fast that it looked like they were going the right way, but, in fact, they werent. that's very annoying.

IT INTOOK! ok, time to make it not fly out... so the problem is, since we're using forced rotation for the ground intake general (not the rollers, the entire intake), it doesnt exactly act alongside physics, simply meaning that whatever we do with intaking the physics engine doesnt like. however, i have an idea! whenever the coral enters the robot, it becomes a child of that particular subsystem, so it *should*, in theory, move with it!

yeah, we had to do scuffed things at the end of the day. also, that idea is kinda bad since, well, we cant exactly do that easily.

ok, 9:33 PM and got coral detection working with:

```
func _on_body_entered(body: Node3D) -> void:
	print("intake")
	
	if body is RigidBody3D and body.name == "Coral":
		print("is coral")
```

ok, gonna watch a movie, see ya!

ok, back at 11:41 PM! my heart beat is like faster than usual and i feel anxious for no reason, but its probably fine... right? (just writing this here in case ig) anyways, we gotta figure out how to "possess" the coral so it moves with the intake and what not!

hmm i have no idea how to do the math for the projecting or whatever, as in, pointing at something, and maintaining rotation, and whatever.

ok, got some untested code for an object (aka, gamepiece) getting "controlled" by another one, basically moving relative to it. anyways, time to write the controlling code!

YES! IT WORKS! EXCEPT IT CRASHED, BUT FOR THE 5 SECONDS IT DID, IT WORKED!

ok, now we gotta work on the elevator, quick commit!