# 8/26/2025 - 20th Update!

ok, so this doesn't mean that we're *done*, but today's the last day for the `portal-vr` YSWS! meaning, we have to submit by 11:59 PM today! also know as, we have to kinda add the "VR" aspect to this project, since we currently have one screen and what not. additionally, its kinda hard to attach an XBOX controller to a phone display, since... well... yeah. however, lets not think about that, and just find out how to implement vr into a godot project! should be fairly simple... right?

referencing [the YSWS website](https://portalvr.hackclub.com/), found [this](https://developers.meta.com/horizon/blog/getting-started-with-the-open-source-game-engine-godot/) meta article for doing VR in godot!

why does searching in the asset library crash godot. seems like it doesn't exist anymore? huh, i think i remember finding soemthing about godot and XR when searching for cameras in godot?

ok, so found [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbTUNg99lrg) neat video on setting up the XR stuff, and its working! obviously, i dont have a headset or whatever, but it does load! also, yes, this means you need to install the addon yourself, since i dont want this repository to be huge

ok, did a bit more searching, found yet [another video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znT4R-qSawg) about setting up meta vr simulator! ok, been a bit, and ive realized that this does a VERY painful amount of lag

hmm, now that im trying it again, its not working? like the simulator doesnt open?

ok, so individual scenes are working properly, but loading the main one just doesnt work. huh.

left at 6:34 PM for dinner and back at 7 PM! i cant figure this out. quick commit before i start taking stuff apart to figure out the issue!

so i quite literally tested every scene and added a player to it, and turns out, what ended up fixing this, was removing the xr startup script. that somehow fixes things. however, now the problem is that the simulator is just darkness.

imma try to reinstall a bunch of stuff, already tried it with the simulator itself, gonna try with the plugin for godot (this may break things)

the copy i got from [another meta page](https://developers.meta.com/horizon/downloads/package/meta-xr-simulator-windows) just opened cmd and then just closed. no message or anything.

`C:\Users\henry\Desktop\Godot v4.4.1\com.meta.xr.simulator\package\MetaXRSimulator\meta_openxr_simulator.json`

its still not working.

you know what? at this point in the project, im thinking of just skipping the vr stuff. its realistically the only difference that could come from making your own simulator (other than the fact that this is a really buggy project, and really, REALLY, jank). im not sure if i even want to finish this project, given the fact that its so buggy.

i guess we just go with the jank testing setup.

ok, i think i have some really sus setup that "kinda" works, really scuffed because it needs you to like switch tabs between testing, but that should be alright?

for now, i think focusing on making everything look a tad bit better would be a better use of time? 

ok, speedran some algae, these should be pickable?

hmm found some scripts that should make something do something? it seems that changing the renderer to mobile, things worked? never mind, not working anymore. why did that work once. you know what, im just gonna restart my computer and hope. didnt fix anything! i guess we have to do the really jank setup? problem is, im pretty sure that wont work irl. hmm i just tell godot to switch engines and it just quits.

ok, so ive decided to drop this vr stuff. yes, i know, its quite unforunate, but i really dont think i can get this done, at least to a point where i think i would accept such a thing. basically, im trying to say, lets admit it, this is pretty sad and janky. im gonna commit now, and start uninstalling all the vr stuff. (10:09 PM right now)

so that was like 4 hours of my day gone! gotta say, pretty sad, but whatever. pretty exhausted, just got rid of all the vr stuff, and yeah, that's gonna be it for today. ending it early here! good night!